
This document briefly describes how to get involved with DTN
development. Note that the DTN research project is still very much in
its formative stages, and this code base in particular is likely to
still be largely in flux. 

Contribution Process
--------------------

Anonymous source code repository access is available for the general
public.

Coding Conventions
------------------

In the interest of overall clarity and consistency, we have adopted
the following conventions for the implementation. Please follow them
in your extensions:

- The basic indentation level is 4 spaces (no tab characters please).
  Please take care to make sure that indentation matches the code
  around it.

- Class names should begin with capital letters and use mixed case for
  word separation. e.g. BundleRouter

- Method / function names should have all lowercase letters with words
  separated by underscores: e.g. send_bundle()

- Class member variables should be distinguished from local variables
  with a trailing underscore, e.g. bundle_.

- Macros and constants should be all capital letters with underscores
  to separate words. e.g. #define MAX_TUPLE_LENGTH 256

- The file names for individual .h/.cc files should correspond to the
  (primary) class in the file. e.g BundleRouter.cc

- Inline comments can use either C or C++ style syntax. For block
  comments on methods and classes, please use the mark-up syntax of
  doxygen since we use that to generate html code documentation.

- Above all, please be consistent. When modifying code, follow the
  conventions of the code around you.

- Try to keep code lines under 80 columns in width.

- For emacs users, adding the following lisp code to your .emacs will
  follow these conventions:

(require 'cc-mode)
(require 'cc-vars)

(defconst dtn-c-style
  '((c-basic-offset		. 4)		; 4 spaces for indentation
    (c-offsets-alist
     . ((substatement-open	. 0)		; don't indent braces!
	(inline-open		. 0)		; don't indent braces, please.
	(label 			. -1000)	; flush labels left
	(statement-cont		. c-lineup-math); line up with = signs
	(innamespace		. 0)		; no indent for namespaces
	(inextern-lang		. 0)		; or extern language
	))))

(defun dtn-c-setup()
  (interactive)
  (c-add-style "dtn-c-style" dtn-c-style t)	; dtn style above
  (setq indent-tabs-mode nil)	           	; use spaces for tabs
)

(add-hook 'c-mode-hook 'dtn-c-setup)
(add-hook 'c++-mode-hook 'dtn-c-setup)
  
- For vim users, use the following settings for tabs:

set tabstop=8        " \t are 8 spaces
set shiftwidth=4     " but tab key inserts 4
set softtabstop=4    " and indentation advances in increments of 4
set noexpandtab      " don't turn tabs into spaces

Testing
-------

There is an extensive set of unit tests and system tests in the test/
directories of both DTNME and oasys, as well as a suite of test
utilities in the test-utils directories of both. 

